README.md, before:

# Overview
An application where you choose and review a list of properties. 

# Getting started

## Running docker-compose
Navigate to the root of the repo and use the docker-compose file to start the containers.
```
docker-compose up .
```

## Running individual containers
### API
- Navigate to the root of the repo
- Build the docker image
```
docker build -t mukkund1996/property-api -f api/Dockerfile .
```
- Run the docker container
```
docker run --rm mukkund1996/property-api
```

### Client
- Create a `env.production` file in proper-ty/client with the following values:
```
VITE_API_URL="http://localhost:8000/api"
VITE_MAPLIBRE_TOKEN="YOUR_MAPLIBRE_TOKEN"
```
- Navigate to the root of the repo
- Build the docker image
```
docker build -t mukkund1996/property-client -f client/Dockerfile .
```
- Run the docker container
```
docker run --rm mukkund1996/property-client
```

# Docs

## API
More information on the [REST API](api/README.md).

## Client
More information on the [Front-end client](client/README.md).

## Datamodel
The datamodel of the `properties.db` can be found [here](docs/datamodel).

## Requirments
The requirements can be found [here](docs/requirements).

# Contribution

Commit message:

chore: Update README.md with design choices and running tests instructions

README.md, after:

# Overview
An application where you choose and review a list of properties. 

## Design Choices
Check the [solution overview](docs/solution_overview.md) for detailed information on the solution. 

# Getting started

## Running docker-compose
Navigate to the root of the repo and use the docker-compose file to start the containers.
```
docker-compose up .
```

## Running individual containers
### API
- Navigate to the root of the repo
- Build the docker image
```
docker build -t mukkund1996/property-api -f api/Dockerfile .
```
- Run the docker container
```
docker run --rm mukkund1996/property-api
```

### Client
- Create a `env.production` file in proper-ty/client with the following values:
```
VITE_API_URL="http://localhost:8000/api"
VITE_MAPLIBRE_TOKEN="YOUR_MAPLIBRE_TOKEN"
```
- Navigate to the root of the repo
- Build the docker image
```
docker build -t mukkund1996/property-client -f client/Dockerfile .
```
- Run the docker container
```
docker run --rm mukkund1996/property-client
```

# Docs

## API
More information on the [REST API](api/README.md).

## Client
More information on the [Front-end client](client/README.md).

## Datamodel
The datamodel of the `properties.db` can be found [here](docs/datamodel).

## Requirments
The requirements can be found [here](docs/requirements).

# Contribution
